✨ Add Server Side Apply helper to the topology controller (#6495)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/alpha-topology-plan.md

</aside>

<aside class="note">

<h1>Limitations</h1>

> While running in a production the topology controllers uses [Server Side Apply](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/)

Reviewer: I would suggest:
```suggestion
While running as part of the CAPI controller the topology controllers uses [Server Side Apply](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/)
```
(or CAPI controller manager)

Author: suggested an alternative

> to proper manage other controllers co-authoring the same objects, but this kind of interactions can't be recreated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to properly manage other controllers co-authoring the same objects, but this kind of interactions can't be recreated
```

in a dry-run scenario.

> As a consequence Dry-Run can give some false positive/false negative when trying to have a preview of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence Dry-Run can give some false positive/false negatives when trying to have a preview of
```

changes to a set of existing topology owned objects. In other worlds this limitation impacts all the use cases described
below except for "Designing a new ClusterClass".

More specifically:

> - DryRun doesn't consider OpenAPI schema extension like +ListMap this can lead to false positive when topology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DryRun doesn't consider OpenAPI schema extension like +ListMap this can lead to false positives when topology
```

>   dry run is simulating a change to an existing slice (DryRun always revert external changes, like server side apply when +ListMap=atomic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dry run is simulating a change to an existing slice (DryRun always reverts external changes, like server side apply when +ListMap=atomic).
```

> - DryRun doesn't consider existing metadata.managedFields, and this can lead to false negative when topology dry run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DryRun doesn't consider existing metadata.managedFields, and this can lead to false negatives when topology dry run
```
